# 2020

## Dec 20th

all these provide all those --> this year 2020, --> you need to change yourself, instead of waiting for 2021.

Even in 2020, God still 

Faith alone, Christ alone --> bring to God 

## Dec 6th

DE: amazing grace

## Nov 15th

## Nov 8th

 we become rich because we reach

 empty? --> pour out to other, == fill in yourself 

 sometimes you are low, you are down ... there's a cloud...

 "I will refresh you when you refresh others"

 God will refresh you by purpose

 God put something in me in advance, and to this in purpose

  devote / dedicate others first

 "can you refresh me/ fill up me"? (my cup runs over)

### when you refresh others, Jesus is revealed(显露) to you

## Nov 1st

## Oct 25th

亚当夏娃**赤身露体**-->我们又何尝不是呢

 但是上帝给亚当夏娃兽皮（预示耶稣羔羊被被杀献上）

 马克10：17-27  超级慕道友，有钱，产业多

 “有钱的人进神的国难”

  谁能得救-->在人不能，在神都能

 （找不到工作不代表不爱主，或者爱主不够（毕业季的故事））

#### 福音不是一场交易

 不要凭借行为换取上帝的爱和祝福

 真正的福音是要命的，是要付出代价的，是shocking的

“勇敢地做个罪人”--马丁路德

  收养：被收养的人有权继承父亲一切的财富 （不要再回去过难民营的生活了，已经被收养了，已经得救了）



tithe = 十一奉献，是税：什一税

First of the 10%, not second, not last. 首先给神。THE FIRST THING I DO， GOD IS FIRST





kingdom perspective

 all of us only have a limited perspective

 follow God's perspective 

 "I am wrong" --> my perspective



1. generous people think PARTNERSHIP  (share = fellowship (two people move into the same direction))  ==>(腓力比书4：14)
2. generous people think INVESTMENT (Paul not except for the return, 就像神的爱，unconditional love， we all except the return for our investment) amazing return is the eternal life.
3. generous people think WORSHIP （they don't give to the church, they give God through the church 奉献）

God give provide ALL you need

## Oct 18th

#### Pastor Eddie Cole



Philippians = Go to Book

(jail letter)

The Attitude of Kingdom Culture  



The Church should be the light of the World (in this Covid session)

 We are the light. 



**Intimacy** with God

## Oct 11th

### SOAP

* S--> Scripture
* O-->Observation
* A-->Application
* P--> prayer



**Attitude** is by choice instead of chance



#### Attitude of humility (谦卑)

 is not think less yourself, get my mind to think more

#### Attitude of obedience

#### Attitude of endurance



## Oct 4th



whatever happens, conduct yourself --> as a God's citizen

## culture

culture is created by the behaviors of the majority of the people with that culture

 the behavior is driven by what is there valued

different culture: what is normal to them is strange to me

 Christian chicken: chick f a (chicken from heaven)

** The kingdom culture which the world will feel strange but in heaven is normal**

 

In the kingdom, you have a king, and the vote does not matter

 our goal is to hope the kingdom of the heaven comes to the earth (as it is in heaven)

### values--> behaviors--> culture

### values:

* **selflessness**: Philippians1：14， Paul not complaining about the prison, but preach more. His primary message is the gospel (good news). Whatever the situation is, it's about the gospel(highest priority)
* **joy**: joy is a choice, Paul: I rejoice, and I continue to rejoice. Happiness if from external but the joy is from internal.
* **surrender**: Paul: "For to me, to live is Christ and to die is gain". Paul surrendered his life to Jesus Christ.
* **Honor**: honor to the kingdom

## Sept 27th

We don't win the battle in one day.

 We go to the gym not to gain muscle in one day.

 

> Luke 8:5-8 撒种的故事

 (no matter what your educational background, economic status)



God's voice not starts from your ears but starts from your heart

God's word is powerful because it has authority.

 I valued the word from God, I treasure that word



be good soil



## Sept 20th

### what should you do when you run out？

 set your mind

 one little distraction on your mind

 we can be distracted so easily

### The atmosphere in your life matters.

 we need to proactively set our atmosphere

### Set your hand (to do what God want us to do)

 faith is the ability to move on reality 

### God give us the instruction, we need to follow the instruction to get miracle

 continue doing the instruction until the miracle

### Set your expectation



## Sept 13th

Luke 24:49

"Stay"

John 16:7

 "holy spirit"

 relationship instead of religion  

 Spirit is life and peace

* The holy spirit empowers me to live holy
* The holy spirit empowers me to live on mission
* The holy spirit empowers me to live supernaturally 

## Sept 6th

Things will be changed on your authority.

 Adjustment (starter)

 adjustment required changes (changes: most people don't like it )

 changes: fight it **VS **set it out

 a small tweak **VS** a big change

waiting on**  VS** waiting for

our job is to **adjust** our **life **to **fit Lord's book.**



* Adjust your perspective
* Adjust your playbook(剧本)
* Adjust your posture

## Aug 30th

### What should I do?

* Accept personal responsibility
* Develop a personal relationship (with a person)
* Share my personal story 
* Give a personal invitation

> lifepointchurch.org/outreach

#### Small group
